strictly increasing real maps on proper closed real intervals (#1952)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/real-numbers/proper-closed-intervals-real-numbers.lagda.md

## Properties

> ### Similarity of real numbers preserves proper closed intervals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Proper closed intervals are closed under similarity of real numbers
```

                  ( is-positive-real-ℚ⁺ ε'')))
          ( cotransitive-le-ℝ a xℝ b a<b)
```

> ### Raising elements of proper closed interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Raising universe levels of elements of proper closed interval
```
